Why will people come to your site?
People will come to our site for a few different reasons. First, to hire us for catering, second, to learn about our plans on when we 
will be opening, and last, to try to find information about our route and our menu.

What questions will your visitors expect your site to answer for them?
People will expect to find information on when our catering is available, how much it will cost, how far we are willing to travel, and 
what we will offer as part of our catering services. They also expect to find up to date information about the menu, the route we travel,
and any major events coming up for the truck.

What types of activities will visitors want to complete on your site?
They will want to be able to reach an FAQ to hopefully answer any of their major questions, and will likely want to be able to contact us.

What information is necessary to complete any actions your site offers?
They will need to know that we aren't yet open, and that we do plan on opening in the future.

Why will your visitors come to your site instead of another to get this information or complete the actions?
This site is specific to this business, there aren't any other sites open for this specific business.


HOME PAGE

    Opening modal or something

        Welcome to It's Truckin Real: Rolled Ice Cream and Cocoa, 
        we are not currently open, but plan to be open for business soon.

    Menu

        We have many notable flavors for our ice cream, such as Mint Chocolate Chip, Cookies and Cream, Orange Cream, Chocolate Coconut,
        Dark Chocolate Raspberry, and Dark Chocolate Orange. We also have a variety of flavors for our drinks, our hot chocolate options are 
        Peppermint, Gingerbread, Raspberry, and Mexican Hot Chocolate. We also offer milkshakes, Cookies and Cream, Chocolate, Strawberry, Vanilla,
        or Orange Cream. 

    Reviews

        We have some notable reviews that are 100% legit... 
        Albert Einstein, "Best ice cream in the world, 5/5"
        Snoop Dog, "Totes yolo my duudes, 4.5/5"
        Elon Musk, "Their CEO must be a genius, 5/5"

    Goals

        Our company goals are to make great ice cream, and to ensure that our employees are set up to succeed and be happy.

FAQ:

    When do you plan on opening

        Right now there are a variety of factors slowing our opening, however, we plan on opening as soon as is reasonably possible, we don't
        have an exact date either

    Will you ever add flavors

        We will actually have a contest each month to submit a new flavor of the month, and each year we will review them, and decide if we should
        add any to our permanent menu

    What will your route look like

        We will actually be in [these places] at [these times], outside of that we try to drive around the various residential zones at a time
        of day that won't make people angry.


CONTACT US:

    Ways to reach us

        The best way to reach us is to email us at itstruckinreal@gmail.com, or to fill out this form (Then there will be a form)